How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It saved me from spending a huge amount of time carefully reading the whole text document, which can be very long.
    I only looked at the newly added lines and was able to quickly see the bug (typo) there.
    Besides, I had old versions of that lines nearby, so was able to quickly compare them.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It may happen that requirements change many time throughout the work on the project. And them may change back after some time.
    Having the entire history would allow me to find pieces of code that were changed or removed long time ago, copy them and add to the new
    version of the file, and not spend many time writing that code from scratch.
    Or it may allow to find and fix the bug that was introduced long time ago, but was not found previously
    (or was found but considered to be a low priority)

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: can choose when to commit to make commits logical and good size
    Cons: can forget about committing

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Google Docs is more about just storing files and making them easily accessible online. It has history feature, but it's not primary.
    Also, it's mostly used to store documents like text, spreadsheet, etc. This types of docs are less likely to be interrelated.
    For Git one of its main purposes is to control versions of code. Files here are often interrelated.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Use git log to see the list of commits and their notes, than find the commit I'm interested in and copy its id and the id of the previous commit.
    Use git diff to compare these 2 commits and see what was changed in the last one.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I'll be less afraid to break anything knowing that I can always easily (more or less) restore the previous state.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to learn everything I can use Git for: version control, bug tracking. What else?